1. Issues: None of the emails imported in the existing solution would have user_id's associated with them for information like who imported the emails. Aside from that, the existing solution would be flexible enough to use a user module that would allow for things like OAuth2 or regular user/password/email registration. 

2. We need to first establish what our priorities and guarantees are: as a networked system, do we care more (eventual) consistency or (high) availability more. The service application has been designed to be stateless so that it can be horizontally scaled to accommodate large amounts of users. We could place a message queue service in between the API layer and the Service layer, and have the functionality of the Service layer in its own application and worker farm. 

The Data Storage layer often ultimately becomes the bottleneck. SQLite would likely be inadequate, as historically, it has had issues with concurrency (writes), but this might not currently be the case, and actual numbers and testing should be done before making conclusions. More battle tested SQL solutions like Postgres is the first to come to mind as an alternative, or a document/NoSQL database solution, which are often marketed for their horizontal scalability. It is possible that some hefty (vertically scaled) CPU's could handle what we might consider "many users". Depending on how consistent we want our data to be, we could consider using caches or in-memory data store solutions.

3. We should start considering replication and partitioning strategies. The application logic and code organization/design of the implementation is modular enough that it can be modified or extended to handle millions of emails now becomes more of a system design problem. For example, swapping out the ORM or data storage solution would have limited downstream impact on the rest of the application.

4. Assuming the email's content isn't riddled with so much profanity that it becomes indistinguishable for search (e.g. [profanity] [profanity] [profanity] [profanity]...), though you could probably just search and identify the desired email by sender_email + timestamp, it would be fairly trivial. The code is organized in a way where it's heavily decoupled. Adding a delete endpoint and service shouldn't trample on the code path for something like importing emails. I would just create a new route, a new service class (maybe call it "Eraser"), and just add another method in the Repository class. The question is how does the user identify which email they want to delete. The filtering for emails to be deleted can be handled in the Service layer. 

5. I put a lot of effort and care into making sure my classes and functions weren't trying to do too many different things and playing at multiple levels of abstraction. The classes and functions are all fairly small and readable and their functionality can be summarized or determined pretty easily. I also tried to code against interfaces and not concrete implementations (used some dependency injection), though coming up with interfaces when you don't have many concrete examples can be a trap. The entire system is organized heavily by layers and modularized components and is easy to test at whatever level of abstraction you please. Adding deletes would be no problem.